Why am I releasing this codebase.

The most simplest answer is why not? 

I've grown sick of people sitting in corners and bragging to people that they have a great codebase and then saying I have a Godwars type game and then not distribute it to someone who asks. You also have hundreds of people who just collect unique code instead of using it. This to me is a crime not only to the people who run the games but to those up and coming coders.
	I'm also distributing this code with the knowledge that once its out there it'll be appreciated. This code in my opinion is the next generation of codebases. When Diku was passed around it only paved the way for Merc and Rom. Once Rom caught on Smaug was born and others followed. KaVir made Godwars and since he created it he's locked it away telling people don't let it out and keep it to yourselves. I can gladly say that this codebase has such a small amount of GW in it that I can honestly pass it around and not feel guilty. By my choice to release this code I'm hoping that some young coder out there will take this code into his hands and learn from it then harness it and become good at it. Then maybe his ideas will carry on the legacy and make a better game.
	My last reason to release this code is pretty simple. When I was given this code almost a year ago I saw how people fought for it and locked her away. Though that code was lesser but in its own ways greater I knew I had to modify it. Since my modifactions and the rest of the POH teams mods this codes become more so a curse then an blessing. People who play it want it no matter what it'll take. From what I know many other codebases have had this same problem hence they released them. Thats why this code must go out to the public. So people will know they don't have to fight for something thats as free as air. 
	Since releasing this code The Planes of Hades staff is cancelling all use of it to bring forth a new Generation of Gaming The PLANES OF HADES version 3.0 Look for it soon.